== README

Do you want to stay tuned about the big events that will be happening at Parque do Povo during the biggest São João in the World - Campina Grande?

We can help you to find the shows of Parque do Povo - Campina Grande/PB with this Telegram Bot, pphoje_bot.

If you are a Telegram user, you can include this bot into a channel or write commands directly on a private chat.

We support the following commands:

* /start - To start the bot

* /help  - To check the supported commands

* /shows {day_number} {week_day} {next_day} - To check the shows for a specific date. The arguments are optional and you can inform one of the commands as the example.
{day_number} -> Integer value, representing the day of a month. [1, 2, 3, 4, ..., 30]
{week_day}   -> String value, representing the day of a week. [{seg, mon}, {ter, tue}, {qua, wed}, {qui, thu}, {sex, fri}, {sab, sat}, {dom, sun}]
{next_day}   -> String value, representing the day after today. [{amanha, tomorrow}]

Example of usage:
/shows         -> returns the shows for the current day
/shows 21      -> returns the shows for the 21th day of the current month
/shows amanha  -> returns the shows for the next day
/shows mon     -> returns the shows on Monday (current day, if it's Monday or next Monday otherwise)

This project is configured to run using the following configuration:

* Ruby version - 2.3.0

* Configuration

* Database creation:
You should run the following commands to start the project correctly: rake db:create

* Database initialization
You should run the following commands to start the project correctly: rake db:migrate -> rake db:seed

* Deployment instructions
Just run bin/rake telegram:bot:poller to start the project

* License
This software is licensed under the Apache 2 license, quoted below.

Copyright 2016 OFF Thread <offthread@gmail.com>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.

* Contributing

Feel free to contribute using your own bot, as we should change the bot secret soon (should be configured in system variables environment).
